README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/siddharthkp/bundlesize/master/art/logo.png" height="200px"/>
  <br><br>
  <b>Keep your bundle size in check</b>
  <br>
</p>

&nbsp;

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/siddharthkp/bundlesize.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/siddharthkp/bundlesize)
[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/backers/badge.svg)](#backers) [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/siddharthkp/bundlesize.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/bundlesize.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/bundlesize)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](http://standardjs.com)
[![Join us on Slack](https://bundlesize.now.sh/badge.svg)](https://bundlesize.now.sh/)

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/bundlesize.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bundlesize)
&nbsp;

#### minimal setup

```
npm install bundlesize --save-dev
```

&nbsp;

#### usage


Add it to your scripts in `package.json`

```json
"scripts": {
  "test": "bundlesize"
}
```

&nbsp;

Or you can use `npx` with [NPM 5.2+](https://medium.com/@maybekatz/introducing-npx-an-npm-package-runner-55f7d4bd282b).

```bash
npx bundlesize
```

#### configuration

&nbsp;

#### 1) Add the path and gzip maxSize in your `package.json`


```json
{
  "name": "your cool library",
  "version": "1.1.2",
  "bundlesize": [
    {
      "path": "./dist.js",
      "maxSize": "3 kB"
    }
  ]
}
```

`bundlesize` also supports [glob patterns](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob)

Example:

```
"bundlesize": [
  {
    "path": "./dist/vendor-*.js",
    "maxSize": "3 kB"
  },
  {
    "path": "./dist/chunk-*.js",
    "maxSize": "3 kB"
  }
]

```

This makes it great for using with applications that are bundled with another tool. It will match multiple files if necessary and create a new row for each file.

&nbsp;

#### 2) build status

![build status](https://cdn.rawgit.com/siddharthkp/bundlesize/master/art/status.png)

Currently works for [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org), [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), [Wercker](http://www.wercker.com), and [Drone](http://readme.drone.io/).

- [Authorize `bundlesize` for status access](https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize?scope=repo%3Astatus&client_id=6756cb03a8d6528aca5a), copy the token provided.
- Add this token as `BUNDLESIZE_GITHUB_TOKEN` as environment parameter in your CIs project settings.

(Ask me for help if you're stuck)


&nbsp;

#### CLI

example usage:

```sh
bundlesize -f dist/*.js -s 20kB
```

For more granular configuration, we recommend configuring it in the `package.json` (documented above).

&nbsp;

#### like it?

:star: this repo

&nbsp;

#### how to contribute?

- [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

&nbsp;

#### who uses bundlesize?

- [preact](https://github.com/developit/preact)
- [lighthouse](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse)
- [styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components)
- [emotion](https://github.com/tkh44/emotion)
- [glamorous](https://github.com/paypal/glamorous)
- [Popper.js](https://github.com/FezVrasta/popper.js)
- [react-apollo](https://github.com/apollographql/react-apollo)
- [hyperapp](https://github.com/hyperapp/hyperapp)
- [css-constructor](https://github.com/siddharthkp/css-constructor)
- [redux-saga](https://github.com/redux-saga/redux-saga)


&nbsp;

#### TODO

- Work with other CI tools ([AppVeyor](https://www.appveyor.com/), etc.)
- Automate setup (setting env_var)

&nbsp;

#### similar projects

- [BuildSize](https://buildsize.org/) - GitHub App, no manual configuration required
- [travis-weigh-in](https://github.com/danvk/travis-weigh-in) - Uses Python rather than Node.js

## Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute. [[Contribute]](CONTRIBUTING.md).
<a href="graphs/contributors"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/contributors.svg?width=890" /></a>


## Backers

Thank you to all our backers! 🙏 [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/bundlesize#backer)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize#backers" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/backers.svg?width=890"></a>


## Sponsors

Support this project by becoming a sponsor. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/bundlesize#sponsor)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/3/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/7/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/9/avatar.svg"></a>



#### license

MIT © [siddharthkp](https://github.com/siddharthkp)

#### sponsor

[![Sponsor](https://app.codesponsor.io/embed/LhLT2c31ydJzdLUuSR9f8mCA/siddharthkp/bundlesize.svg)](https://app.codesponsor.io/link/LhLT2c31ydJzdLUuSR9f8mCA/siddharthkp/bundlesize)

Commit message:

make note of using quotes for glob patterns https://github.com/siddharthkp/bundlesize/issues/157

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/siddharthkp/bundlesize/master/art/logo.png" height="200px"/>
  <br><br>
  <b>Keep your bundle size in check</b>
  <br>
</p>

&nbsp;

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/siddharthkp/bundlesize.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/siddharthkp/bundlesize)
[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/backers/badge.svg)](#backers) [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/siddharthkp/bundlesize.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/bundlesize.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/bundlesize)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](http://standardjs.com)
[![Join us on Slack](https://bundlesize.now.sh/badge.svg)](https://bundlesize.now.sh/)

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/bundlesize.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bundlesize)
&nbsp;

#### minimal setup

```
npm install bundlesize --save-dev
```

&nbsp;

#### usage


Add it to your scripts in `package.json`

```json
"scripts": {
  "test": "bundlesize"
}
```

&nbsp;

Or you can use `npx` with [NPM 5.2+](https://medium.com/@maybekatz/introducing-npx-an-npm-package-runner-55f7d4bd282b).

```bash
npx bundlesize
```

#### configuration

&nbsp;

#### 1) Add the path and gzip maxSize in your `package.json`


```json
{
  "name": "your cool library",
  "version": "1.1.2",
  "bundlesize": [
    {
      "path": "./dist.js",
      "maxSize": "3 kB"
    }
  ]
}
```

`bundlesize` also supports [glob patterns](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob)

Example:

```
"bundlesize": [
  {
    "path": "./dist/vendor-*.js",
    "maxSize": "3 kB"
  },
  {
    "path": "./dist/chunk-*.js",
    "maxSize": "3 kB"
  }
]

```

This makes it great for using with applications that are bundled with another tool. It will match multiple files if necessary and create a new row for each file.

&nbsp;

#### 2) build status

![build status](https://cdn.rawgit.com/siddharthkp/bundlesize/master/art/status.png)

Currently works for [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org), [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), [Wercker](http://www.wercker.com), and [Drone](http://readme.drone.io/).

- [Authorize `bundlesize` for status access](https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize?scope=repo%3Astatus&client_id=6756cb03a8d6528aca5a), copy the token provided.
- Add this token as `BUNDLESIZE_GITHUB_TOKEN` as environment parameter in your CIs project settings.

(Ask me for help if you're stuck)


&nbsp;

#### CLI

example usage:

```sh
bundlesize -f 'dist/*.js' -s 20kB
```

**note:** be sure to put quotes around the glob path, to prevent unix shells from parsing it before the node script.

For more granular configuration, we recommend configuring it in the `package.json` (documented above).

&nbsp;

#### like it?

:star: this repo

&nbsp;

#### how to contribute?

- [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

&nbsp;

#### who uses bundlesize?

- [preact](https://github.com/developit/preact)
- [lighthouse](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse)
- [styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components)
- [emotion](https://github.com/tkh44/emotion)
- [glamorous](https://github.com/paypal/glamorous)
- [Popper.js](https://github.com/FezVrasta/popper.js)
- [react-apollo](https://github.com/apollographql/react-apollo)
- [hyperapp](https://github.com/hyperapp/hyperapp)
- [css-constructor](https://github.com/siddharthkp/css-constructor)
- [redux-saga](https://github.com/redux-saga/redux-saga)


&nbsp;

#### TODO

- Work with other CI tools ([AppVeyor](https://www.appveyor.com/), etc.)
- Automate setup (setting env_var)

&nbsp;

#### similar projects

- [BuildSize](https://buildsize.org/) - GitHub App, no manual configuration required
- [travis-weigh-in](https://github.com/danvk/travis-weigh-in) - Uses Python rather than Node.js

## Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute. [[Contribute]](CONTRIBUTING.md).
<a href="graphs/contributors"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/contributors.svg?width=890" /></a>


## Backers

Thank you to all our backers! 🙏 [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/bundlesize#backer)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize#backers" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/backers.svg?width=890"></a>


## Sponsors

Support this project by becoming a sponsor. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. [[Become a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/bundlesize#sponsor)]

<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/3/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/7/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/bundlesize/sponsor/9/avatar.svg"></a>



#### license

MIT © [siddharthkp](https://github.com/siddharthkp)

#### sponsor

[![Sponsor](https://app.codesponsor.io/embed/LhLT2c31ydJzdLUuSR9f8mCA/siddharthkp/bundlesize.svg)](https://app.codesponsor.io/link/LhLT2c31ydJzdLUuSR9f8mCA/siddharthkp/bundlesize)
