tests/snapshots/index.js.md, before:

# Snapshot report for `tests/index.js`

The actual snapshot is saved in `index.js.snap`.

Generated by [AVA](https://ava.li).

## 1. pass: single file smaller than limit

> Snapshot 1

    'PASS  file-1.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)'

## 10. pass: match by fuzzy name

> Snapshot 1

    `PASS  build/vendor-ha5h.js: 270B < maxSize 350B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     PASS  build/chunks/chunk-ch0nk.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)`

## 2. fail: single file larger than limit

> Snapshot 1

    'FAIL  file-2.js: 270B > maxSize 250B (gzip)'

## 3. pass: use brotli

> Snapshot 1

    'PASS  file-3.js: 245B < maxSize 250B (brotli)'

## 4. fail: dont use compression

> Snapshot 1

    'FAIL  file-4.js: 437B > maxSize 300B (no compression)'

## 5. pass: custom config file

> Snapshot 1

    'PASS  file-5.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)'

## 6. pass: multiple files, both smaller than limit

> Snapshot 1

    `PASS  file-61.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     PASS  file-62.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)`

## 7. fail: multiple files, both bigger than limit

> Snapshot 1

    `FAIL  file-61.js: 270B > maxSize 200B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     FAIL  file-62.js: 270B > maxSize 200B (gzip)`

## 8. fail: multiple files, 1 smaller + 1 bigger than limit

> Snapshot 1

    `PASS  file-61.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     FAIL  file-62.js: 270B > maxSize 200B (gzip)`

## 9. pass: catch all js files

> Snapshot 1

    `PASS  build/chunks/chunk-ch0nk.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     PASS  build/vendor-ha5h.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)`

Commit message:

Use asset manifest to read bundle sizes

tests/snapshots/index.js.md, after:

# Snapshot report for `tests/index.js`

The actual snapshot is saved in `index.js.snap`.

Generated by [AVA](https://ava.li).

## 1. pass: single file smaller than limit

> Snapshot 1

    'PASS  file-1.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)'

## 10. pass: match by fuzzy name

> Snapshot 1

    `PASS  build/vendor-ha5h.js: 270B < maxSize 350B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     PASS  build/chunks/chunk-ch0nk.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)`

## 12. bug repro: bundlesize should read and process files from an asset manifest

> Snapshot 1

    'PASS  build/js/file-1.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)'

## 2. fail: single file larger than limit

> Snapshot 1

    'FAIL  file-2.js: 270B > maxSize 250B (gzip)'

## 3. pass: use brotli

> Snapshot 1

    'PASS  file-3.js: 245B < maxSize 250B (brotli)'

## 4. fail: dont use compression

> Snapshot 1

    'FAIL  file-4.js: 437B > maxSize 300B (no compression)'

## 5. pass: custom config file

> Snapshot 1

    'PASS  file-5.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)'

## 6. pass: multiple files, both smaller than limit

> Snapshot 1

    `PASS  file-61.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     PASS  file-62.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)`

## 7. fail: multiple files, both bigger than limit

> Snapshot 1

    `FAIL  file-61.js: 270B > maxSize 200B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     FAIL  file-62.js: 270B > maxSize 200B (gzip)`

## 8. fail: multiple files, 1 smaller + 1 bigger than limit

> Snapshot 1

    `PASS  file-61.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     FAIL  file-62.js: 270B > maxSize 200B (gzip)`

## 9. pass: catch all js files

> Snapshot 1

    `PASS  build/chunks/chunk-ch0nk.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip) ␊
    ␊
     PASS  build/vendor-ha5h.js: 270B < maxSize 300B (gzip)`
